Update configure-multiple-schedulers.md (#37673)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/configure-multiple-schedulers.md

Package your scheduler binary into a container image. For the purposes of this example,
you can use the default scheduler (kube-scheduler) as your second scheduler.

> Clone the [Kubernetes source code from GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) with the exact same branch as per the kubernetes version in use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the [Kubernetes source code from GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes)
with the exact same branch as per the Kubernetes version in use
```

and build the source.

```shell

> git clone --branch=`kubectl version --short | grep 'Server' | awk '{print $3}'` https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes.git

Reviewer 2: `kubectl version --short`, the --short is deprecated
not all users will have `awk` installed

Package your scheduler binary into a container image. For the purposes of this example,
you can use the default scheduler (kube-scheduler) as your second scheduler.

> Clone the [Kubernetes source code from GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) with the exact same branch as per the kubernetes cluster version in use and build the source.

Reviewer 3: WDYT? The existing sentence seemed less idiomatic
```suggestion
While cloning the [Kubernetes source code from GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes), you need to specify the exact Kubernetes version in use with `--branch="version"` and then, build the source using the `make` command.
```

Author: The new sentence is also good, however we are anyways adding new git command with `--branch` option after that statement.

```shell
git clone --branch="version" https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes.git
cd kubernetes
make
```

> Where "version" can be for example "v1.25.4". Run `kubectl version` command to find your kubernetes cluster version in use.

Reviewer: AFAICT, `v1.25.4` is a tag, not a branch. The branch name is something like `release-1.25`.
Please be concise on this.

Author: Hello @tengqm 
Yes, `v1.25.4` is a tag. `--branch` option takes tag as a value. I have mentioned "version" there because user can add the kubernetes version that they need to clone. The version that we get from 'kubectl version' command is same as that of tag in terms of git repo.

Package your scheduler binary into a container image. For the purposes of this example,
you can use the default scheduler (kube-scheduler) as your second scheduler.

> While cloning the [Kubernetes source code from GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes), you need to specify the exact Kubernetes version in use with `--branch="version"` and then, build the source using the `make` command.

Reviewer: please wrap the long lines as we did for other paragraphs.
